what did you do to me
well good morning to you too
don't smile this isn't funny
what did you do to me
why don't you ask what you did to me last night
I wasn't the one that was blacked out drunk
like Miss Rose would you like some breakfast
yes please
I woke up and I was not wearing this last night
no you weren't
so
did we
no be
I wouldn't wanna do that
while you're so drunk you couldn't even move
oh
how did I change
did you change me she did
duh
would it be so bad if me and you hooked up
would that just be the end of your world
no but I mean yes
I mean I didn't work last night's plan
please
don't tell me I have the worst hangover in the world
really yeah
it worked Jack took Connie to a hotel
caught them on tape all of it